welcome guys to episode seven hundred
and eighty of Minecraft and I'm using
these app apples mod so these app apple
tree actually grows in a couple of
stages now you can see Anna actually
have a time-lapse that took quite a bit
of time to actually create and you can
see the Lightning actually hitting the
zap-apple what you can do is you can
actually find a seed or a sapling
basically scattered around your world
and what you need to do is get bone meal
and then you basically simply summon it
like you do eight to a normal tree and
then all start growing and lightning
will strike it and the zapping apples
will begin now that's pretty much the
whole process and then you can see the
flower-like shapes like you can see here
that is the beginning of the fruit all
right and here's a nice little close-up
of the flower that have been begins to
Pierre Pierre this is probably a third
or fourth stage now here we go we got
the raw sort of premature slap apples as
a sort of the other disgusting and they
give you a negative potion effect and
now on the final stage they actually
switch over to these zap apples and they
actually a very tasty and now we're
gonna switch over to some real-life
footage now once on zap apple tree is
complete we actually can climb up or
were actually harvest these apples by
clicking on them and that they would
simply drop like normal sort of that any
let any ordinary block and a let's go so
you can actually collect one worry in
survival motor will fall down and let's
go jump and click him let's go out other
stand there we go and that we've
collected to now as zap apples and they
actually a increase your actual hunger
notably and actually really replenish it
very very nicely and also give off a
nice sort of potion effects or I'm going
to eat ASAP Apple now all right ready
num num num num num num num delicious
now you can see we get the potion of
haste strength and resistance upon
eating the actual zap-apple and it is
quite delicious now you can also see
that we have some zap-apple jars and
they're actually zap-apple jam so here
we have the zap-apple jam the first
thing we need to create is the jar by
using glass panes and also iron ingots
and then you just simply place these app
Apple
in a universal sort of recipe and voila
we have zapped jam and using that zap
jam you can create apple pie you can
also create apple bread and zap apple
cake and there they are all delicious
all right then angry anymore I don't
want to get a little bit too tubby or
too fat so I'm not going to eat my
little cake but the actual process of
getting these zap apples is kind of time
consuming in all essence it actually
takes around five days to create which
is an extremely long time and actually a
sort of my time lapse was a little bit
long so I sort of sort of narrowed it
down and did a voiceover so I so I
should say and that pretty much covers a
whole arms app Apple mud so I all right
this mod a 9 out of 10 fruits it was
just sort of lacking 10 maybe could add
like a zap apple sort of zombie or
monster to protect this app apple tree
and you have to protect itself oh you
have to kill the sort of boss to
actually gain the fruits of these app
apples that'll be a pretty cool sort of
boss challenge and then you get rewarded
with these app apples that's actually a
pretty cool concept you can actually
conjure up in your mind but it's
actually a really fun mod really nicely
done and very nicely presented in a
pretty cool concept so I thank you guys
for watching don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe and as always have
a nice day